# Qualitative-Market-Research-Surrounding-the-Perceptions-of-Alcohol
This research aimed to answer the question: How do social factors shape a college-aged individual's perceptions, consumption patterns, and overall relationship with alcohol?  

As my team and I refined our research question and methodologies, I initially proposed focusing on phenomenology to understand the lived experience of college students who consume alcohol. As I conducted further research, I realized our questions were more aligned with assessing culture and the social aspects of drinking in college. With this shift in focus, we adopted an ethnographic approach to examine college as a distinct social group and assess the impact of various social dynamics on alcohol consumption.  

Using our interview guide, we conducted eight interviews. Each team member coded the interviews, identifying five recurring themes: the role of advertising, financial limitations, demographic factors, the concept of healthy drinking, and overall social influences and pressure. We found that influencers and positive alcohol ads shaped students' perceptions of alcohol, and financial constraints played a role in consumption choices. Additionally, ethnicity, gender, and age influenced drinking behaviors and perceptions, while many students also considered health consequences when consuming alcohol. Unsurprisingly, alcohol was closely tied to social factors, with participants reporting that they compared themselves to others or used alcohol as a means to engage with their social groups.

Our final results are reported in [this presentation](Alcohol Research Findings.pdf), with my main contributions being our choice of methodology as well as the in depth assesment and gathering of evidence to support our theme that financial limitations impact an individuals perceptions, consumption patterns, and overall relationship with alcohol. 
